listen honey when you land can we check
into a hotel
leave the kids with your parents order
some room service
you're on lieutenant i seen about a half
an hour honey
jingle bell jingle bell jingle bell rod
christmas eve there a cop on duty around
here
airport police go get him jingle bell
swing and jingle bells rings
washington dc international airport
what's this about
oh just a feeling i have ouch when you
get those feelings insurance companies
start to go bankrupt
the towers lost control instruments
landing system is down
backup systems won't come up we've got
blizzard conditions
zero visibility in all controllers
there's panic in the air this is a
professional mercenary you got the
world's biggest drug dealer on his way
here now what do you need a slide rule
to figure this out you get the hell out
of my office before i
throw you out of my damn airport and
terror on the ground
who is this who i am is unimportant what
i want
is very important
oh we are just up to our neck and
terrace again john
but for police officer john mcclane
it's just another christmas you're the
wrong guy in the wrong place at the
wrong time
[Music]
story my life bought ourselves maybe two
hours
after that those planes low on fuel
aren't gonna be circled
they're gonna be dropping on the white
house lawn any attempt to restore your
systems will be met by severe penalties
there's somebody out there
it's the claim
[Music]
you're gonna run out of fuel in 90
minutes what are you gonna do
whatever i can last time
it blew you through the back wall of the
theater
got a cowboy ride too rough i don't like
the fly what are you doing here i don't
like to lose either
[Music]
no this is just the beginning
on july 4th die harder
bruce willis die hard too
[Music]
you